changlog for version 6.1 (#253)
sky-uk/feed: CHANGELOG.md

# v6.1.0

> * handle case where nginx reload fails due to master process exiting. In that case we will throw a fatal error and exit the process.
>   This will cause the pod to be restarted by kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Feed has been updated to cope with an nginx reload that fails because the nginx master process has been killed.
  If this occurs, feed will now log a fatal error and the process will exit.
  This will cause the pod to be restarted by kubernetes (which in turn restarts the nginx master in the new replica).
```
